hello to all so I find you
do a little trick is how
can watch on his console xbox one
or 360 then ps3 and weights 4 I do not know
it works not because I'm so
I consulted this frame but finally ps3
but I have not tried but in any case
on 360 and one can watch a movie
from his pc directly on these consoles
without seeing any connection
deal because it uses the dlna system
so I advise you to go these
wanted to know how it works
go to wikipedia and you are looking for the
functioning of this thing even though
it's not very very conclusive
it's because it's very technical
when explanations and so it can be learned
site what it is to be able to read
a file from his pc to his console and
so power to see him on the
TV knowing that the
televisions that make this system there too
now actually it's more or less
electronic devices that gets going
two valleys of societies that are put
agree that the devices
electronic devices are compatible between
they are applied there so that this finding
what's this trick so there if you have
a video on your pc by doing you
see what you do in right click
and play to jamaica de cloyne de
propose which is called xbox systems
criminal and xbox young and so there in
getting going there you see enter
in contact with the device and
network and you and that my film starts
and it starts or starts on my xbox
one no i can see with my pc
finally i can see a movie of my pc on
my console
after I'm going to stop because the movie
who starts my television on my console
without any cable settings any
simply the wifi system of the
of the internet box and so the swiss
so here I will explain on
windows 8 because excuse me but
it's possible on windows 7 but since
I do not have me I can not show you
images so on windows 8 makes you
then you do how so be there
where you open your file directly
video if you have the play to ben here
you're just doing this attack
tackle so it's done alone
what else do you go on settings
change pc pc settings and
cableway devices is there if
you do not have all your xbox you
do added a device and your
pc will fetch all peripherals
accepting rubs the system ttm
not
ah and no but after that it takes only a
gang there it'll find everything closed and so
there it will find and here after you
will by returning to your desk
in the right click menu of your video
you will have peeled all and you will make
plague everything xbox one and will ally your
movie on the xbox but without any
connection
So therefore there was the tip of the day
go knowing that ma'am last
tip date and since worse - I had
does a trick how to look at the
television on pc
how to watch and record the
television on pc and so that's the
second tips of the day the dm tips
the best this year
and so if ever my little parenthesis
if you are looking for good movies ben must
know that there is way to
to find very easily good I you
give a little hint with the mouse I
does not give you the name of the movie name
no no from the site verbally I see there
is stalled so far on the site and you
can quietly download
movies but be careful you have to have
the original at home here it is done
it's true to show you a wind of
download point as you are
get here and there you can
download everything everything everything
signs that you desire there are some
thousands and thousands and thousands
they come in simpler well let's admit
I've never had a funny bird more
and download i will download here
a file there I type 5.87 shown there it
offers a link I'm going club
gt that and it's going to hold such a load of
flip here but must know necessarily
young I do not know because I do not
the beloved not I do not have the original reason
it's the conditions of use of the
site
it 's having origins she at the
home the voice you french you
authorizes to download a file
only following an original process
so here I can tell you that I have
the original of all these films no need
to ask me
I would say yes so here is in
hoping this little video you
will have
you will be served to be able to watch a
film and images systems running
must know other sex sell for
the moment we can read that of which
some video files and some
image files but afterwards we
may perhaps see for example the
desk here his pc purchase on his console
after a good update according to
françoise did the minimum possible
so here is youth and hoping
it was what you know about
to say good evening